recording now yeah I think I think we
lost Johnny I were talking I think he
disappeared okay well I know he's just
listening and welcome to I feel D this
is like our weekly update your probably
things on YouTube later it's no one
section streaming this welcome nikolaj
greco and me so we have a few things
today we had joining crunch on the call
earlier i don't know if you dropped out
or not but i guess let's just take it
away with the notes and if Johnny goes
like on will go to his point yeah
so stay website yeah last week we
mentioned that and there were a few
things left to do and I wonder what is
this I've been following but I wonder
what is the state of that right now and
how comfortable with because it's just
me and you let's go through the things
that only we're about me and you for a
second and so I read your rewriting and
they wonder if you read my comment on I
did I actually first thing this morning
and uploaded a finished version of my
comments it's not done I mean the
sections that you have to do or it's
still there for you to do I didn't keep
writing you want I can or I can try but
for now I've basically gone through I
also responding to your comments okay no
I I see the sponsor you my comments I
don't know if your if you feel that
you're done with that or not yeah I'm
doing this as it's now your turn to keep
writing more than I could anymore now I
feel okay okay because I want to make
sure that whenever I jump on the plane I
have everything I need because very
likely I'm not gonna have internet
connection
beside it to you I decided to me I'm
done as far as I know okay that's
brilliant
because I remember the for the web said
we were missing very few things one was
the demo from Victor one was the content
plus the example from me
and I think that was it and some
beautification steps but I unfortunately
Victor is out and I don't blame him
because it's the day before the day
before Christmas and I about to say so I
did I'm done yeah yeah I even I haven't
had much from Victor so helping him I be
viewed as I mentioned last week it would
be amazing if we have something to show
I get feedback feedback from the lab
week okay so I let's move the next point
later on so serious back of paper
he's gonna happen before the 7th of
January because that's our deadline and
I wish I think the purpose of today in
my opinion is the okay so the tutorial
will discuss that okay all things were
very easy this is just like checking
especially because every flight bad but
I want you to look about next next year
and how can we improve what we've done
this year and they will work this year
from next year and I wanted to sort of
build up I have a wish list of things
that we should bring up a lot week or in
the future so
we can bristle together I have some
clear things that I want to bring up at
the lab work and amongst those I want
more presence from from the wit because
is implementing all of these things and
he's going on the speed of light and I'm
gonna be more connected Maxima nest next
semester and by need to make sure that I
have at least a weekly meeting in which
the wave is in meetings is there
something else that we want to raise
maybe having more clear deadlines having
someone that leads with more time
because I think it was a bad idea to
have me having lean in this with very
real time we can do I think we kind of
made it but I think we need someone that
makes us move much faster if I'm if I'm
gonna be seen as next semester
I don't know who that would be but
that's something it's critical to the
project is there something else you miss
just in terms of the way we work then I
want to also - what you should work on
Mac semester next remaster next quarter
sorry is something something else that
you won't raise about I don't know I
mean that sounds like it's me
registering get it out talk about it
talk about this behind me having a
conference a little plan this plan
website should be launched yeah almost
working the most that's it okay in terms
of we say what I want to make sure that
we have some some stuff to raise in
whatever is gonna be and for next time
next
there are some particular things I
wanted to look into and I think many
people are talking about this I peel the
selector and they're raising very good
questions and especially the the guy
from a medium is called cumin yeah yeah
and I think that amongst the priorities
of the next quarter should that he'll be
selected and and what that entails is
it's not just the IPL be selected by
it's sort of basis for transformations
because we've been talking for a long
while but we always put that on the side
because we wanted to shift IPL be first
but I think it's now time to try to
achieve something especially the IPL
dislike having that be L dislike to
really make a lot of things better
especially for the Athenian people
as I'm saying I really want to have
debate in these meetings and not just a
bit but possibly sometimes one being
present because especially for the
website I remember last week Victor was
a bit scared the one who said to take a
different direction and he wants to plan
a meeting and we didn't have a meeting
and we kind of lost one week anything
okay this was for me just check-in
Victor is not around so I don't know
what we should I want to check with him
how how I felt about the work that he's
done and he feels that we had never
there
hello I think he's waiting for once
feedback there's some things I think
we're waiting for you to have more time
I'm just here to copy other yeah and
also you have all of us thinking I think
this very important way I would not have
had this meeting myself
so what did John you mentioned so that
we can still that we can think about it
so I posted an issue SP asking who use
cases and demos which we need to have
for the website Johnny crunch actually
posted pretty awesome late about
exploring doesn't know because also
visual identity solutions
there would be great to have months fall
for you there because I wanted to good
timing
I don't know how you did that can you
describe to Nicola what your demo could
be or is this for me Johnny yeah yes I
think so
sorry yet I'm at my folks house and I
think it's just both my kids are
streaming Netflix at the same time so to
get back on so uh so yeah I think it's
so within identity management I think be
there's a need for right now with
json-ld you actually have the context
the context needs to be a persistent URL
it's perfectly application for ipfs or
IP LD to actually to link the data for a
permanent source of the context so if
you want I can actually just me just the
tunnel back into my other machine at
home give me a second and I can sort of
show you an example so
[Music]
all right let's York there we go
so is that the Jolly Roger okay so I
guess you see this mm-hmm so yeah this
is a typical consensus you port token
using Java web tokens with signed tokens
and so this is both I think a two tokens
one is a public key and the other one is
actually a claim
so here the payload is claimed with the
name of Johnny crunch and so I think the
idea is that rather than using just
loose attributes is I really sort of
provide a context of all right where
this for to provide semantic
interoperability so that attribute could
be linked to other attributes so in this
case this is pulling from the schema
arg4 and for a name and I think I can
probably show you that so that's the I
can get to it
yeah here we go
so same thing we're only seeing the
single oh no got it so yeah so here is
the context so which is a JSON and it
provides in this case identity
attributes and linking it to the the
schema of person schema and if you go
scroll down there's this is the name so
schema name so but it also could be a
matching to first name or a given name
and so the the the challenge would be in
and let's see if I have word yeah so
here's that same thing but within the
claim it really would be two and json-ld
would be to provide context and that
would be the ipfs hash I think actually
they would do and so I think that's the
first thing opportunity is actually
providing like the context linking to
the schema and then the next thing would
actually do be to provide an address and
so I think with IP LD you guys are
working on linking to a particular block
chain that's stored on ipfs and so I
think the other nice thing would be to
actually to have the in this case a you
port ID which is really an account on
ethereum really sort of points to an
account on any particular blockchain
store night PFS so my question is what
if this cannot be already done I think I
think what we're describing yeah I think
I'm not sure if you can put in
additional be a context inside the sub
object but let let's say that you can
then you can already do the app context
in the way you did it right
and and instead of using the Newport
hash you should use an an IPM multi hash
and that would probably make we want or
doesn't listen this is help
yeah so I think I think right now be the
multiplied hash for an account do you
guys actually have that from multiple
block chains so Abel honey resolved that
so and now I don't know exactly why you
pause I'd be like I guess is the hash of
something yeah this is a theory on
account in this case is actually like
the chest just yet okay I think there is
some more going on I'm actually I'm sure
there is some work going on with this
okay in IPL D we have this concept which
we haven't fully explained on the
website yet but this discount of CID is
the content identifier and in this
constant content content hash world
content vegetable world we won't see ad
to be able to content address anything
so for example so there is a way in IPL
D 2 so I see these basically a hash
prefixed by what type of hashes this so
I said there are some CDs for the idiom
blocks and I'm pretty sure that you can
reuse some of that work to say this hash
the hash they're pointing to you can
prefix it with a the type of the hash
that the hash that the hash table is and
then you using instead of writing the
ash in that particular way use multi
hash so we know if the hash is base64 we
know it's the hashes why is the hash
function and so I think by replacing all
these hashes would see at this would and
would say this that we supposed then
they would make everything work in with
ipfs so your concern now is first I want
to put context in my objects anything
that you can do today the second concern
is I want to make sure that all the
hashes that I'm using still work in ipfs
and
you can make them more by turning them
into civs
okay the one challenge is the CI DS is
for the the table lookup for which
blockchain you might be on so how in the
see IDs how do you resolve this would be
an address on the test net for aetherium
versus the the the full nerium okay okay
so or peanut for instance actually so a
private network so is that you post I
did the hash of a block of a publicly
and address account theory how do you
create an account by generating some
keys or by adding something to the
blockchain so you generate some keys
okay then this account is valid for a
cross between Testament and not
Testament right okay then then in this
particular way in this particular case
it doesn't matter what blockchain there
is as if you prefix it with the etherium
account resolver then whenever you ask
for the hash to other people and you can
be solved you can get the hash somehow
from listening to a video or listening
to a PhD like on FS then you get that
particular your CID is going to specify
what type of what I what this hash is
pointing to so you can say this hash
points to an aetherium account and
whenever you solve the hash you read the
content as if it was a theorem account
and if it is anything account you're
gonna be able to parse it and you're
gonna pass it as an IPL the object which
is a good thing I suppose do you think
you show me an example if I actually
would do that for CID with either
etherium or let's say a Z cache so this
is how do you differentiate within CID a
silly reimburses Z cache what I'm
talking about is actually working
progress so I have mmm is that mean I
can point you to some
one day it's happening but it's really
like happening right now
so give me one second and two fine
it's not so not well documented which I
think as an aside actually one other
thing actually worse talk to you right
now within the Jason LD is nested
signatures and I think with the
consensus the you poor protocol is nice
because actually these are just tokens
and actually each token is is signed and
attesting to the the claim is adding a
new token and mostly it's actually using
the subject and the issuer as the the
Association type and actually it's in
the contract itself that actually that
links the pointers okay for some reason
I cannot find okay I cannot find the
resolve that for the accounts I'm sure
there is one guy which is called
Kumari's there is working on that it's
in particular for ithi diem so this is
give me just one second okay let's do
this I'm gonna Richard escape damage
chip and what I'm gonna do I'm going to
post the links whenever I find them in
that issue like oh yeah okay
did you add a same passenger me yeah I
saw I think the other thing was actually
were one thing we're discussing within
the verifiable claims task force is the
nesting of signatures and the and I
think the because every time you wrap a
signature with a JSON web token and I
think it could get to be very very large
and so I think it's just so I think
that's one I think your actual we're
talking about it's actually how to
handle that and I think within consensus
I I believe is actually pretty its
handle pretty
with tokenizing each of those so each
claim is with each issuer and subject is
his rap as a token and each of those
tokens is that and then signed and it's
attached to let's say in the theory name
account or aetherium smart contract and
so the would been the json-ld world
that's a little bit harder because you
don't have the association so I think
the and I know that's why I like the you
ports solution to this I actually met
with them last week of a New York City
and I think that their challenge them
with is actually how do you make this
scalable and generalizable but actually
it's more of a standard for identity on
the blockchain okay I'm not sure exactly
what we I get a gating or and and and
and so what you would like to replace
the what would you like to replace with
that token or miss that I think well in
the case of nailed a world right now
it's actually you wrap tokens and so
each almost like a PGP key I guess you
actually like attest to the validity of
the PHP yeah and so I think the with
what's nice about the Yuka for protocol
as a token eyes it with a the attributes
of the the issuer and a subject the
subject it's actually a an identity on a
blockchain if you guys she can resolve
okay beyond let's say one person is on a
D cache and actually wants to attest
even though it's cozy caches the new
smart contracts you want to test -
someone's claim and that is actually on
a different blockchain so you actually
build a resolve which blockchain is
actually on and I think certainly a
multi address or a multi hashes actually
I think the way to go and so I think I
just send me the link actually gonna
just hand how to do that and so my point
is that I think it needs to be a
scalable and generalizable across from
block chains no sir
III think the links I'm gonna post
they're gonna I'm gonna have their
daddies that we want with IPL D or in
NCAA be we want to be able to point to
any hash so right as soon as you have
accidents you can point and we solve any
hash then it doesn't matter if this is
on a blockchain on another blockchain
things of this kind so that the aim is
that we want to have this huge metal
forest and that this Peaks all the same
language and can address to each other
in the same language and then of course
you can build something like similar to
so it's a similar to the mobile address
for the multi hash actually the sensors
do and so I think the challenge is that
I suppose like so how many how many
different types can you actually in a
byte and so if you actually it's the
first byte of the hash yeah so
eventually will you have a space in that
first bite to actually the store or
let's say there right now there are the
block chains so is there so this is a
good question because it's a lot of
arguing about this in the past so right
now if you if you won by it which is 8 B
8 bits it's gonna be able to only
support 156 different types and then I
think someone mentioned to use 2 bytes
because I've using 2 bytes would give us
twice the amount I don't I don't know
[Music]
what is the III don't know what is the
not res amounts are much more anyway I
know it's gonna be I think you're right
your concern your concern is a same
concern that many people have and also
to give an example how can new block
chains be added as with all these
protocols are self-describing so you
have a you prepend and a back and up I'd
it says what type that thing is and who
right now at if as as like mapping from
bytes to buy it from by to program and
right now whoever comes to us and say
say hey I would like to reserve this by
I can reserve it because we have this
bot chain and so on then then we give
Iran with
with I think the kindest strategy and
see if we if he's gonna work well I
think at some point you will have to say
not to some chains but then they will
have that would be totally fine because
they can create they sort of say this
and say they have like a sort of a
private chain or private system they
need a particular and a particular type
which doesn't listen then that's totally
fine because all these protocols are
meant to also work locally when you have
your own table but whenever we want this
global table then this becomes the
tricky I don't think you solved it this
is not a question right yeah that's what
sort of concerns me especially if we're
going to use like a peanut so actually
it had you resolve and keep the local
table of a network to resolve across you
know the private network and so I think
the you know one solution no in late in
JWT is actually separated with a dot and
so and I think it actually this reminds
me of the early days you know guys you
guys younger than I am but I remember
the early days of the Internet of the
nineteen nineties so really very much
the land grab of DNS of the necessity of
resolving addresses and as I think this
is sort of where we're at with
blockchain right that was actually the
Sesa T to resolve and there's a lot of
different camps that are actually coming
up to actually to be at and so I think
that may be an important to solve with
IP LD that if we solve that and that's
the de facto standard yeah I think the
the type of solution that with by the
way I just did the gut question what
were you were talking and I think just
adding one more bite would give us
65,000 possibilities so I of course we
will add one more bite in the system of
everyone which is a benign but but this
may this gives us the possibility to
give the first the first set of by it's
only for ipfs approved things and then
the other
certify that they are by
or the combination abode for more
complex so I don't think we're gonna run
out of types the problem is how do we
add new types whenever someone has a new
blockchain that they would like that one
it's possible I know the multi hash is
the first but is there a possibility to
actually reverse it and actually have it
as the tail and actually separate with
the separation you'd like it and at
simple another thing there are some
strong reasons why we want to everything
because you know ahead of time before
during the input and so some if you if
you if you google my content and I add
some question a long time ago and Kwan
replied to me saying that we're not we
should prepare and I was really
convinced that those reasons right I
think I saw conversations back then
about a year ago about the file type and
so like actually for I know I understand
now the rationale for doing a slash ipfs
in the hash and before but in order for
it to be a properly included URI if it
would be like a file colon slash slash
slash or a UX colon slash slash and so I
think now realizing it sort of ipfs
really as a file system and so I think
really that it and I think it changed
the challenge would be for the I didn't
mention this but actually within the
context is for the Jason that lead
parsers actually they recognize that
it's a it's an IP FS hash and then
actually to recognize those characters
in the string then actually it been to
resolve the location of the context yeah
so I think again these are early days
and I think we should have this could
reduce
yeah anyway it was so much time that
this is this this for everyone to join
and for I want to raise questions and
this this time was a very quick update
that I mean me Richard quickly at home
okie-dokie
this is the end and it was the good
coaster and I would like to thank you
everyone and I'm flying now so have a
good holidays everyone
bombur's fortune this is the end
all right